README.md, before:

# Bootstrap dApp

An open-source Next.js dApp to help you get started with your next web3 project.
Using Tailwind for quick and beautiful look that loads fast.

## Demo

![Demo](https://bootstrap-dapp.s3.us-west-1.amazonaws.com/Homepage.gif)
[https://bootstrap-dapp.vercel.app/](https://bootstrap-dapp.vercel.app/)

## Getting Started
Clone the project

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/weber-stephen/bootstrap_dapp
```

Go to the project directory

```bash
  cd bootstrap_dapp
```

Install dependencies

```bash
  yarn
```

Setup environment variables described below

Start the server

```bash
  yarn dev
```

## Environment Variables

To run this project, you will need to add the following environment variables to your `.env` file

`NEXT_PUBLIC_INFURA_KEY`

You can get your Infura key from here https://www.infura.io/ for free


## Authors

- [@weber-stephen](https://www.github.com/weber-stephen)

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

## Resources

 - [Nextjs](https://nextjs.org/)
 - [Tailwind](https://tailwindui.com/)

Commit message:

Added storybook and a few examples

README.md, after:

# Bootstrap dApp

An open-source Next.js dApp to help you get started with your next web3 project.
Using Tailwind for quick and beautiful look that loads fast.

## Demo

![Demo](https://bootstrap-dapp.s3.us-west-1.amazonaws.com/Homepage.gif)
[https://bootstrap-dapp.vercel.app/](https://bootstrap-dapp.vercel.app/)

## Getting Started
Clone the project

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/weber-stephen/bootstrap_dapp
```

Go to the project directory

```bash
  cd bootstrap_dapp
```

Install dependencies

```bash
  yarn
```

Setup environment variables described below

Start the server

```bash
  yarn dev
```

## Running Storybook
[Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/) is a frontend workshop for building UI components and pages in isolation.

To run storybook:

```
yarn storybook
```

## Environment Variables

To run this project, you will need to add the following environment variables to your `.env` file

`NEXT_PUBLIC_INFURA_KEY`

You can get your Infura key from here https://www.infura.io/ for free


## Authors

- [@weber-stephen](https://www.github.com/weber-stephen)

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

## Resources

 - [Nextjs](https://nextjs.org/)
 - [Tailwind](https://tailwindui.com/)
